API Update global role + fixed issue with GUI custom role edition (#10612)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/8808-10575-update-global-role.md

## Release Highlights

### Update a Global Role

> A new API endpoint has been added that allow the update a global role. See [Native API Guide > Update Global Role](https://guides.dataverse.org/en/6.3/api/native-api.html#update-global-role) (#10612)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new API endpoint has been added that allows a global role to be updated. See [Native API Guide > Update Global Role](https://guides.dataverse.org/en/6.3/api/native-api.html#update-global-role) (#10612)
```
